Zhang Yi, let me tell you
I don't care what you have to do with this vixen
It doesn't matter
Anyway, we are already divorced
But if you want him to be Zhenzhen's stepmother
No way.
My stepmother
More responsible than your own mother
Dear, I won't let Zhenzhen get hurt.
You and me
Ms. Lin, are you used to splashing?
Do you think I will let you fight like Zhang Ye?
Zhangye
You just take up his business.
What a fledgling star
What do you mean?
Okay, I don't understand, right?
If you don't understand, I'll make it clear to you.
Just now I thought that when
The high-spirited man of the year is back
I didn't expect you to be so confident just now
It was because of him
This guy?
He has been talking harshly in front of me and Weiwei before
I thought I was capable
It turned out that I reported this thigh on the back, hum
If you dare to say one more word
Those four just now are your fate
Do you think he was taken care of by me?
You think he's my little wolf dog
Long Night, you are really promising
Look at what he calls you
Tell the truth
I really want to take care of him
But every time it's so close
Enough, I don't care what you think of me
You think I'm a soft rice
You think I'm hugging a woman's thigh
Whatever you want.
Anyway, in your eyes
I've always been that
Just a punk who can't get on the table
It doesn't matter what I think of you
What matters is how you do it
How do you let Zhenzhen see your sex in the future?
That's right, Zhenzhen